So now it's time to install the a WSC a lie so that we can easily configure our access keys in secret
keys so that we can access AWOS resources from command lines applications other languages and simply
from everywhere on our machine to do that.
Of course there are several ways of achieving this goal.
You can simply install with Peppe and you can simply download the package for a WSC ally and by far
the easiest way to install a WSC lie on Mac OS is with homebrew homebrew is the missing package manager
on Mac OS.
If you go to its Web site and let's just type in homebrew
and if we go check it out.
It is simply the missing package manager for Mac OS.
The best part of homebrew is you don't have to deal with the path variables and setting the executables
so that you can work with them in your command lines.
Homebrewed just takes care of everything so you just simply call the command like just the Brue install
and a WSC apply in our case.
Dan you just have the AWOS Seelye ready for your command line for any application that you have.
Again you can just simply go and check the AWOS apply for Mac OS on a WSS original web site.
This is the another option to install a WSC.
But it has some downsides because you have to export the path because it doesn't work all the time.
When you install it with Pipp and package managers so I'm going to follow the way of using the homebrew
for a WSC applies to lation.
So I'm going to go back to my terminal so I'm going to type pin Ru install AWOS lie just like that
and homebrew is updating itself.
And then it's going to install my a WSC ally with along with the all of the Pender's see that it has
so are AWOS Seelye is being installed with of course the dependencies that it needs to operate properly.
And here we go.
Our AWOS Theola is now ready and up and running.
Let's just test it out.
So I'm going to type in a W-S and here we go.
Our AWOS is now working as expected.